README.md, before:

# rxjs-fsm

![](https://github.com/jmeinlschmidt/rxjs-fsm/actions/workflows/node.js.yml/badge.svg)
![](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@jkba/rxjs-fsm?logo=npm)


> :warning: This package is not yet released!

This package provides a set of tools for utilizing complete deterministic finite automata (Finite state machine) in RxJS with a focus on functional programming.
Allowing developers to efficiently manage complex state machines in context of reactive programming.

✅ &nbsp;Tree Shakeable (ES modules)  
✅ &nbsp;Fully Typed  
✅ &nbsp;Unit Tests  
‼️ &nbsp;Documentation (WIP)  


## Installation

```sh
npm i @jkba/rxjs-fsm
```


## Usage

> :warning: Work in Progress

TODO: Example 1

### Minimalistic

TODO: Example 2 (used in pipes)


### Hooks

TODO: https://github.com/jmeinlschmidt/rxjs-fsm/issues/7


### Nondeterministic

> :information_source: To keep complexity low, it is strongly recommended to use the deterministic approach (see previous sections) whenever possible.

TODO: https://github.com/jmeinlschmidt/rxjs-fsm/issues/8


### State Management Packages

TODO: Elf (https://github.com/jmeinlschmidt/rxjs-fsm/issues/5), NgRX


## Build

Build everything via `npm run build`. Then run from `dist` folder.


## License

This project is licensed under [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT/).
For the full text of the license, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

Commit message:

chore(README): Add Release section

README.md, after:

# rxjs-fsm

![](https://github.com/jmeinlschmidt/rxjs-fsm/actions/workflows/node.js.yml/badge.svg)
![](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@jkba/rxjs-fsm?logo=npm)


> :warning: This package is not yet released!

This package provides a set of tools for utilizing complete deterministic finite automata (Finite state machine) in RxJS with a focus on functional programming.
Allowing developers to efficiently manage complex state machines in context of reactive programming.

✅ &nbsp;Tree Shakeable (ES modules)  
✅ &nbsp;Fully Typed  
✅ &nbsp;Unit Tests  
‼️ &nbsp;Documentation (WIP)  


## Installation

```sh
npm i @jkba/rxjs-fsm
```


## Usage

> :warning: Work in Progress

TODO: Example 1

### Minimalistic

TODO: Example 2 (used in pipes)


### Hooks

TODO: https://github.com/jmeinlschmidt/rxjs-fsm/issues/7


### Nondeterministic

> :information_source: To keep complexity low, it is strongly recommended to use the deterministic approach (see previous sections) whenever possible.

TODO: https://github.com/jmeinlschmidt/rxjs-fsm/issues/8


### State Management Packages

TODO: Elf (https://github.com/jmeinlschmidt/rxjs-fsm/issues/5), NgRX


## Build

Use `npm link` and then `npm link @jkba/rxjs-fsm` in your project.


## Release

Use `npm version`, don't forget to push the tag and the CI will take care of the rest.


## License

This project is licensed under [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT/).
For the full text of the license, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.
